well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about
the president's personnel decisions from
last night
and what the most reasonable explanation
for them
is because there's already some ideas
floating around and
i think it may be a little bit simpler
than that
okay so if you don't know last night
over twitter the president fired the
person
who is responsible for maintaining the
integrity
of the election this is a person
who debunked
a lot of the president's baseless claims
because that's his job
by pretty much all accounts
he was pretty impartial tried to
walk a fine line between
being the president's guy and doing his
job
once the president started spreading
[Music]
less than accurate information he
started pushing back
knowing he was going to get fired
so that's what went down there
are a lot of concerns about his
termination
they're mostly unfounded
you don't need to be concerned about
this his
job was a clearinghouse job he got
information from a whole bunch of
different places
and processed it that's what he did
he provided assessments and risk
mitigation stuff
the point is that terminating
his employment does not change
anything the documentation
that he used all existed in other places
so it's not like there's going to be
some late night shredder party
it's not like there's going to be a new
person who is going to come to different
conclusions
because the evidence the information
that he had came from other locations
and it's they still have copies of it
this has been gone through over and over
and over again
the president's allegations are baseless
the idea that
what he is claiming happened on any
large
scale is
just not really feasible
it's not just dhs saying this it's not
just the individual commission
saying this it's not just the individual
experts
it's everybody what the president claims
isn't realistic
so i don't think that there's a big
worry here
or that we should be worried
that position doesn't have
a lot of control over the outcome of the
information
he could theoretically put somebody
there who
could cherry pick information and
attempt
to cast it in a light favorable to the
president
but number one that's going to take a
lot of time and number two there's
really not enough
supporting even isolated incidents
to support the president's claims
the most reasonable explanation for this
is not that the president thinks that
there will be a change in outcome the
most reasonable explanation
is that he's just petty and vindictive
that's the most likely explanation for
what just happened
this guy was fired because he didn't
do what trump said it's really that
simple i don't know that we should put a
a more sinister motive to this because
i really think it's just the president
showing his true colors
and showing exactly how petty he is
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day